Period 3 Class Members: Steven, Ben B, Mr. Ackerman
Java
Period 3
Units 6 & 7

Unit 6
1. Cohesive – A cohesive class is a class that is created with a single, well focused purpose. It remains simple, and does not include bits of code that do not relate to the purpose of the class.
2. Coupling – Coupling refers to the degree in which classes know about and use each-other. The more they use the other class, the more “coupled” they are.
3. Composition – Composition is a “has-a” relationship, meaning it owns something. This is different from inheritance, which is an “is-a” relationship.
4. has-a relationship – A has-a relationship is a relationship where you include an instance of another class. It’s useful because it’s more compatible with other code than extending the class.
5. precondition – A precondition is an instruction prior to writing code that must be followed. This is usually a limit, or in the case of learning, a requirement of using certain code from the current unit.
6. postcondition – A postcondition is a condition that must be met, after running a class. This is usually the outcome of running the class, a way to check if the code works.
7. static field – A static field is when you use the static keyword in order to make a method belong to a class, rather than belonging to an instance of the class. This is used to share identical fields between many objects.
8. static method – a static method is a method that belongs to the class, and not to the object of a class. This can be used to avoid having to create the object of the class.
9. instance method – An instance method is a regular method that can be found in nearly every class. It’s a method that belongs to every object created by that class.
10. class invariant – A class invariant is a property that holds for all instances of a class, regardless of the other code. It means something that doesn’t change, and is therefore static.
11. scope of a variable - How broad of the section of code the variable can be seen (global compared to private).
12. shadowing - A variable with a higher scope that "shadows" or overlaps a variable with a lower scope.
13. toString method - ToString is used to return a string value of a object.
14. local variable - Local Variables are variable declared inside the body of a method that will only be used inside that method
it is declared in.

Unit 7
1. ArrayList - An array list is an array that can change its length as needed, unlike a normal array that cannot change its 
length.
2. size method - The size method returns the value of stored variables, unlike the length method that returns the total amount
the object can hold.
3. get method - Used to retrieve a variable from a class, (like our accessor methods).
4. the overloaded add method - used to add a value to the end of a list. 
5. remove method - Is a default java method used to remove values from a certain index in a list.
6. key - The key is typically a Boolean variable used to end a loop. Like an isFound variable in a while loop.
7. flag variable - A flag variable is usually a boolean (true/false) variable that is used to control (terminate) an indeterminate loop. 


